Stuffed Bread
-- adapted from http://www.kingarthurflour.com/recipes/pane-bianco-recipe

Ingredients
Bread
375g (~3 cups) bread flour
2 tsp active yeast
2 tsp kosher salt
1 large egg
1/2 cup milk
1/3 cup water
3 tbsp olive oil

Filling
I've used a variety of fillings, but this recipe is for savory fillings. If you want a sweeter filling I'll post my adapted version of the recipe for desert breads.

Italian
1 1/4 cup shredded cheeses (I typically use a mix of parmesan, mozzarella and asiago, feel free to use what you like, but something like cheddar would dramatically shift the flavor of the bread away from an Italian flavor)
6 cloves of rough chopped garlic
1/2 cup chopped herbs (I use either basil or oregano or a mix of the two)
3/4 cup dried tomatoes (sun-dried or over-dried work, but if you're in a pinch just cut up some tomato into small pieces and press with a paper towel to pull out the moisture)

Greek
3/4 cup chopped olives (I prefer a mix of green and black olive but green adds a sharpness and bitterness so if you don't like that use all black olives. These should be fresh olives, not out of a can.)
3-4 cloves of rough chopped garlic
1 1/4 cup of small crumbled feta
1/2 cup chopped herbs (you can have some fun with this, fennel tops or seeds are good, oregano is good, anything that would fit as a traditional greek herb is probably a good call)

Place all ingredients into a single large bowl and mix thoroughly.

Instructions
#. In a small sauce pan, place water and milk on a low heat. When the water is warm, but not hot (not over 105 F) remove from heat and mix in yeast
#. In a mixing bowl, combine flour, egg, olive oil, yeast mixture and salt (place salt and yeast on opposite sides of the bowl to prevent retardation of the yeast)
#. Mix until nothing is sticking to the sides of the bowl. Dough should be somewhat wet & sticky. If dough is too dry, dribble in water while mixing until desired consistency
#. Place the dough in a lightly greased (I use olive oil) bowl, cover, and let it rise for 60 to 90 minutes, or until it's doubled in size.
#. Gently deflate the dough. Flatten and pat it into a 22" x 8 1/2" rectangle. 
#. Distribute the filling evenly across the dough
#. Starting with one long edge, roll the dough into a log the long way. Pinch the edges to seal. Place the log seam-side down on a lightly greased or parchment-lined baking sheet.
#. Using kitchen shears, start 1/2" from one end and cut the log lengthwise down the center about 1" deep, to within 1/2" of the other end.
#. Keeping the cut side up, form an "S" shape. Tuck both ends under the center of the "S" to form a "figure 8;" pinch the ends together to seal.
#. Cover and let rise in a warm place until double, 45 to 60 minutes.
#. While the loaf is rising, preheat the oven to 350°F.
#. Uncover the bread, and bake it for 35 to 40 minutes. Check at about 20 min. if the bread if nicely browned tent with tin foil to prevent over browning.
#. Remove the bread from the oven, and transfer it to a rack to cool. Enjoy warm or at room temperature. Store, well-wrapped, at room temperature for a couple of days; freeze for longer storage.
